Release 1.2.11 (#222)
payplug/payplug-woocommerce: readme.txt

2. Display on a WordPress website

== Changelog ==
= 1.2.11 =
* Minor fixes

> * Remove Oney legal notices validation in Woocommerce BO 

Author: ```suggestion
* Remove Oney legal notices validation from PayPlug configuration in Woocommerce backoffice

```

2. Display on a WordPress website

== Changelog ==
= 1.2.11 =

> * Minor fixes

Author: ```suggestion
* Minor fixes
* Remove Oney legal notices validation in Woocommerce BO 
```
